chore(website): update docs to reference Figma instead of Sketch (#1566)
twilio-labs/paste: packages/paste-website/src/pages/getting-started/design/index.mdx

![Modal in Figma where you can select the Paste components library to link to your project](../../../assets/images/design-guidelines/figma-link-paste-libraries.png)

The main libraries we recommend you have enabled for each file are:

- [Paste Components](https://www.figma.com/file/E6KUvMhioUmAgN0nwmReTM/Paste-Components)
- [Paste Default Theme](https://www.figma.com/file/OZKRQFOkOAl413m5JVIYE6/Paste-Default-Theme) includes tokens (color, text, and shadow styles), needed for the Paste components library
- [Paste Patterns](https://www.figma.com/file/S4z0Kqjb9AYosnkRQldLte/Paste-Patterns)
- [Brand Illustrations](https://www.figma.com/file/XeA9WNBcoojrdJbiz5Nj5q/Brand-Illustrations) includes illustrations for empty states, sections, etc
- [Asset Documentation](https://www.figma.com/file/GfY11A2VW638eFK48nDtdE/Asset-Documentation) includes helpful utilities for marking up designs, like sticky notes and cursors
- [File and Cover Sheet Template](https://www.figma.com/file/RfZYRjUH56rZ0qe0veqRJA/File-and-Cover-Sheet-Template)
- [Console Library](https://www.figma.com/file/vvdKgsO8OLcn7Q6FmuhWtl/Console-Library) for teams with Console projects **(managed by the Console team)**

> - [SendGrid's legacy SG-DS](https://www.figma.com/file/YgSlHVVKgdCY2BzdTbHsPf/SG-DS) for teams with legacy Sendgrid projects **(managed by the Sendgrid team)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [SendGrid's legacy SG-DS](https://www.figma.com/file/YgSlHVVKgdCY2BzdTbHsPf/SG-DS) for teams with legacy SendGrid projects **(managed by the SendGrid team)**
```

Any time a library is updated, you’ll get a notification in your project asking if you’d like to update.

> ### Using the library

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using the Paste Default Theme library
```

Reviewer: Above this section, do you mind adding a section on using the Paste Components library? Something short, like so:
### Using the Paste Components library
The Paste Components library houses Figma components for all components available in Paste. You can drop components into your project via the Assets panel on the left, and swap to different variants for a given component via the Design panel on the right. Some more complex components include nested variants, so be sure to explore the different layers on each component for any layer with a ⚙️ emoji. This emoji indicates that there are variants available on that layer. Any layer with a ✏️ emoji indicates an editable layer. Check out our [tips and tricks](https://www.figma.com/file/E6KUvMhioUmAgN0nwmReTM/Paste-Components?node-id=284%3A1158) for more helpful hints about using the Paste Components library.

> Once you have this library linked, you will see text styles (which include text colors, font families, and font sizes) and layer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have this library linked, you will see text styles (which include text colors, font families, and font sizes),  fill
```

> styles (which include background colors, border widths and colors, shadows, etc.) for that theme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and stroke styles (which include background, border, and text colors), and effect styles (which include shadows) for that theme.
```

![Menu in Figma when you can navigate through tokens for the Default theme](../../../assets/images/design-guidelines/token-styles.png)

You should be using components from Paste to compose your UIs whenever possible, but the text and layer styles will be helpful when you need to compose something more custom.
This can be anything from setting a piece of text next to an icon to creating a custom stepper component.

> ### Types of library changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How we publish library updates
```

> We release continuously, but we demark changes with hints which you can see on the description of the update:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We release library updates continuously, and we demarcate changes with hints which you can see in the description of each update:
```
